Real
I am married
Yeah That's right Hello beginning Shacho price cuts vacation was over
I want to know for a moment
Video of in is so say I am usually work related to two boxes a Chegan and channel invented house
I'm giving it up, but today it's already a little, hey there's a reason channel throwing
It is said that why
This has been bought today Duelist entry deck is this deck
The js entry deck is something that novices can start but anyone can start
The deck is called
Nana yes
So what kind of hard do Toka Naa never was I in this time of the main channel finger
I wonder if
I 'm taking a video like the one I want to do but I'm afraid I can not do it now
It is here that I bought it today with an empty stay, even though I'm pointing at the camera and saying
When I did it, it was the previous technical and finished in Johannes
Since quite far quite a go'm not go unless school sister
The wind is hard, is it good or is it a little bit, people 's videos may be meaningless, though
Thank you in advance . This is the third time This is a different + explanation of the dark deck and test
In terms of from two decks I already This company is why we entered this deck
Begin
Also it amazing that contains contains two deck card
It's good because it's just an easy-to-use card
It 4 that did card is starting from what you start I think also day-to-day there entered buy
It Tteyuu soggy start immediately if you buy removal of the think say
It's a thing
Let's go out with a magazine
I'm an idiot and I love this group First is a rule book
It's just attacking monsters like simple actresses and using magic and traps to get in the way and fight
Maybe it Zaki taste a quick reference to the buying this Te one bread I a Komodachi Yes Well entering I guess and light
Always be nice if we remember together high bounce
I can not understand it well and I got a 10 p raid on such a piece.
I arrived to the right under water field first 1 Brushes I guess of how do I put the card on the floor
It is understandable at a glance for a while
There you will come to see immediately from the first stop let's look at card
go
You'd better not come at the Pendragon This would be large strong schools in what is not even dd
Sportiness that's often better to another began to you I thought I heaven I card is cool is
Also entered cyclo-I that contains the Bella force that contains the Filthy office sweater black hole
You
That contains the enemy of the drama and the darkness of Dzura Jan This is a pleasant scenic if the sun card
Uwasaseho German version be bought from Beppu Hotto Aizu Watch can
eh
Cormorant This is Agedama wonder if there is nothing to melt a look at this picture or not feel something grinded
Deck here is light I here is available immediately Getting Started This is amazing I Kore If you decide with you
is
I I I see I see Tsu or cram large liver that contains the lacquer ball that contains in a little
I see
Yes there is a lot of cards that are easy to use such as Nee system 500 though it is a little full
I'm doing well
The pay these cards say fight Well in this monster guard between the monster I'd
is
View perhaps from people who are doing fairly easy-to-understand another smash friendship is very easy-to-use
When
Some people may say that this deck is, but if you do for the first time I will wait
I about is just referred to as I think you so green color using the magic or another magic card
It did Choi cheap way fit
Smoked Toka its go school Lato Rio and Zuya visible is here
If you look at it, it is dropped and it is written that it is a trap to avoid the US good
And unification of the spiritual and pepper and bluff take this pitfall you used the suspended card
It high and ended up high the way you are
More astringency Toka we should start an anti-Ne Do country spirometry also gene play in the monster
Ne Tara bitter taste this and Riti'
It is a good year whether it will become stronger simply by losing one child deck of friends
Ah
I forgot the important your news This is the root-chome 5
In fact, this time I'm here this 10 d site ridge for 100 people
I have prepared
Rio card you want Mickey want and to Naa if I'm was good and this video of Met
Please write and it is 100 people by lottery from the comment column
I will not present you this Yu-Gi-Oh card entry deck
I will
Shooting